public/webapp/docs/Quickstart.md, before:

# Meteor-UI5 Quickstart Guide
This guide will show you how to create an app that uses Meteor and UI5 in the minimum number of steps.  __This quickstart guide assumes some familiarity with both Meteor and UI5.__  We recommend that you do the [Meteor-UI5 Tutorial](/#/tutorial) for more in depth coverage.

## Creating your project
1. Create a new meteor project with `meteor create quickstart`.
1. Change into your newly created `quickstart` folder.
1. Create a folder called `public`.
1. In `public`, create a sub-folder called `webapp` for your UI5 code.
1. Delete the __contents__ of the `client` and `server` folders.
1. Add the `meteor-ui5` package to your meteor project with `meteor add propellerlabsio:meteor-ui5`.
1. Remove Blaze with `meteor remove blaze-html-templates`.		
1. Add static-html support with `meteor add static-html`.
1. Create a file in the `client` folder called `index.html` file with the following contents:

### `client/index.html`
```html
<head>
<meta http-equiv='X-UA-Compatible' content='IE=edge' />
<title>My First Meteor-UI5 App</title>

<script id='sap-ui-bootstrap'
    src='https://openui5.hana.ondemand.com/1.38.4/resources/sap-ui-core.js'
    data-sap-ui-theme='sap_bluecrystal'
    data-sap-ui-libs='sap.m'
    data-sap-ui-resourceroots='{
      "webapp": "/webapp/",
      "meteor-ui5": "/packages/propellerlabsio_meteor-ui5/"
    }'
    data-sap-ui-compatVersion='edge'
    data-sap-ui-preload='async'>
</script>

<script>
     sap.ui.getCore().attachInit(function () {
         jQuery("#content").html("Hello World - UI5 is ready");
     });
</script>

</head>
<body class='sapUiBody'>
    <div id='content'></div>
</body>
```

## Run your project
1. From your project root directory, run `meteor`.
1. Go to [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser and confirm you can see the "Hello World" message.

## Next steps
1. Create your Meteor code (collections, methods etc) in the normal manner.
1. Create your UI5 user interface code in the `public/webapp` folder in the normal manner. Adjust the above `index.html` file to load your component or main view.
1. In your manifest, Component or view controller, create or set a model of type  `meteor-ui5.model.mongo.Model` with no arguments.  This will give you access to any collection that is available on the client.
1. In your UI5 views, you can bind to any Meteor collection using the following syntax:
`/<MongoCollectionName><(DocumentId)>/<PropertyPath>`.  Refer to the [Binding](/#/demos?groupId=binding) and [Filtering](/#/demos?groupId=filter) demos for examples.

Commit message:

Changes to quickstart so it can serve as first step in tutorial

public/webapp/docs/Quickstart.md, after:

# Meteor-UI5 Quickstart Guide
This guide will show you how to set up a new Meteor UI5 project.  

## Creating your project
1. Create a new folder for your project and change directory to it.
1. Create a folder called `public` in your project directory.
1. In `public`, create a sub-folder called `webapp` for your UI5 code.
1. In the root folder of your project, create a new meteor project with `meteor create .` (don't leave out the trailing dot).
1. Your project folder should now have the following empty folders:

| Path     | Purpose |
| -------- | ------- |
|          | Any files in here will run on both the Meteor client and server. |
| `client` | Any files in here will only run on the Meteor client. |
| `public` | Any files in here will be served as-is by the Meteor server. |
| `public/webapp` | All of your UI5 code will go in here. |
| `server` | Any files in here will only run on the Meteor server. |

## Installing the Meteor UI5 package
1. Add the `meteor-ui5` package to your meteor project with `meteor add propellerlabsio:meteor-ui5`.
1. Remove Blaze with `meteor remove blaze-html-templates`.		
1. Add static-html support with `meteor add static-html`.

## Bootstraping UI5
1. In the 'client' folder, create a file called `index.html` file with the following contents:

```html
<head>
<meta http-equiv='X-UA-Compatible' content='IE=edge' />
<title>My First Meteor-UI5 App</title>

<script id='sap-ui-bootstrap'
    src='https://openui5.hana.ondemand.com/1.38.4/resources/sap-ui-core.js'
    data-sap-ui-theme='sap_bluecrystal'
    data-sap-ui-libs='sap.m'
    data-sap-ui-resourceroots='{
      "webapp": "/webapp/",
      "meteor-ui5": "/packages/propellerlabsio_meteor-ui5/"
    }'
    data-sap-ui-compatVersion='edge'
    data-sap-ui-preload='async'>
</script>

<script>
     sap.ui.getCore().attachInit(function () {
         jQuery("#content").html("Hello World - UI5 is ready");
     });
</script>

</head>
<body class='sapUiBody'>
    <div id='content'></div>
</body>
```

## Run your project
1. From your project root directory, run `meteor`.
1. Go to [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser and confirm you can see the "Hello World" message.

## Next steps

### Beginners
If you are not familiar with both Meteor and UI5, we recommend that you complete the [Meteor-UI5 Tutorial](/#/tutorial) which will guide you through the steps to create a simple app.

### Experts
If you are already familiar with both Meteor and UI5, you can proceed to build your app as follows:
1. Create your Meteor code (collections, methods etc) in the normal manner.
1. Create your UI5 user interface code in the `public/webapp` folder in the normal manner. Adjust the above `index.html` file to load your component or main view.
1. In your manifest, Component or view controller, create or set the model using type  `meteor-ui5.model.mongo.Model` with no arguments.  This will give you access to any Mongo collection that is available on the client.
1. In your UI5 views, you can bind to any Meteor collection using the following syntax:
`/<MongoCollectionName><(DocumentId)>/<PropertyPath>`.  Refer to the [Binding](/#/demos?groupId=binding) and [Filtering](/#/demos?groupId=filter) demos for examples.
